you know networking works in business
and in sports now to get a chance
athletes at times need someone on the
inside Kevin O'Donnell shows us how a
national kicking network is helping
players get their foot in the door and
onto college teams kicking 50-yard field
goals is a rare talent converting those
kicks into a college scholarship has
some kids coming up short the
n-c-double-a no longer allows college
coaches to attend combines so what we do
is we bring the combines to the coach
sip flavors Tom feely the father of NFL
kicker jay feely is part of a non-profit
national kicking service that tests and
ranks the best legs in the country the
last ones get recruited usually unless
they're one of the elite kids the elite
kids get picked up along with the other
kids and signing days but the rest of
them the majority of them 99% of them
there get there signing if they sign
their signing something in the end of
May and you know and its really really
frustrating for parents but this way we
can at least get them at the head of the
line the players are videotaped with the
results and their contact information
posted on a website for all coaches to
evaluate they're not just here for kicks
but also here to get the leg up on the
competition the testing includes a
national tournament style competition we
feel that this provides a pure true
picture of the kids abilities they're
out here they're competing not only in
with the kids here but with kids all
over the country it puts them into
pressure situations former NFL kickers
Michael Huston and Doug Bryan created
this concept and it's making connections
I get calls from coaches now where I
didn't used to they call me and say I
got a spot for a kid I need somebody do
you have somebody to fill this spot my
punter just got kicked out of school or
something you know and I need to fill
that spot right away so it's kind of put
me out there on the radar for the
college coaches it's helped the kids
because we're the vehicle to get those
kids there over the last 10 years Philly
alone has helped over 50 kids clear the
bar by scoring scholarships Kevin
O'Donnell fox13 sports
and that national competition down to
the semi-finals to have a bay 1a7 host
for the next round the tournament will
be held August second at Jesuit High
School Paul